Blush Digital Privacy Policy

This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their personal information is being used online. personal information can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.

What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?

When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, phone number or other details to help you with your experience.

When do we collect information?

We collect information from you when you subscribe to a newsletter, fill out a form, Open a Support Ticket or enter information on our site.

Provide us with feedback on our products or services 
How do we use your information?

We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:

      • To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
      • To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
      • To follow up with them after correspondence (email or phone inquiries)

How do we protect visitor information?

We do not use vulnerability scanning and/or scanning to PCI standards.
We only provide articles and information. We never ask for credit card numbers.
We use regular Malware Scanning.

We do not use an SSL certificate
      • We do not need an SSL because we don't take payments through our website.

Do we use 'cookies'?

Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognise your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.

We use cookies to:
      • Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.

You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (e.g. Google Chrome) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser's Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.

If you disable cookies off, some features will be disabled.

Third-party disclosure

We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when it's release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property or safety. 

However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.

Third-party links

We do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website.

Google

Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en 

We have implemented the following:
      • Demographics and Interests Reporting

We along with third-party vendors, such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.

Opting out:
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising initiative opt out page or permanently using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.

Lead Forensics

We use tracking software on our website that gives us information about most businesses that visit our website. We may use this information to contact you about our products and services.

Users will be notified of any privacy policy changes:
      • On our Privacy Policy Page

Users are able to change their personal information:
      • By emailing us

How does our site handle do not track signals?
We honour do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.

Does our site allow third-party behavioural tracking?
It's also important to note that we allow third-party behavioural tracking

CAN SPAM Act

The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.

We collect your email address in order to:
      • Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
      • Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.

To be in accordance with CAN-SPAM we agree to the following:
      • NOT use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
      • Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
      • Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
      • Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
      • Honour opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
      • Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.

If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at hello@blush.digital or you can follow the instructions at the bottom of each email and we will promptly remove you from all correspondence.

Contacting Us

If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.

http://blush.digital
8 Eastway Business Village
Preston,
Lancashire,
England
PR2 9WT
hello@blush.digital
01772 393026

Last Edited on 2016-05-26